alright guys just follow what I do for
the first 30 seconds of the video and
then there's some commentary for the
final parts of what you need to do in
order to acquire fast exp
I would
I am NOT into wildlife
all right now that you guys have done
all that you're gonna wait for the
magitek dropship to come in and make
sure that your MP is fully charged as
soon as it's about to drop off you're
gonna activate your armature you're
gonna target the middle soldier usually
the flag bear with your armature
activating use a blink strike to get in
the middle and attack the whole mob you
should pretty much bring them down to
one shot use a two Tempest to stagger
the rest and your allies will finish any
remaining monsters or soldiers after
that go back to that rock you see in the
back right corner and recharge your MP
and just rinse and repeat the Wolves
will respawn and that will carry over
your exp bonus to make sure that you're
getting XP bonus for every single
magitek mob so instead of 1500 exp
you're gonna be getting a roughly 5000
every time and you give that throughout
the day you'll get roughly between
eighty and a hundred thousand and once
you use the caravan for 1.5 it'll give
you a hundred and fifty thousand exp